Rogerson
So you never believed me from the beginning?
From the beginning you thought I betrayed you because of money
That's why you humiliated me with money
Isn't it?
You are so childish
Lu Zesheng
I wish you and Yu Qianni
Happiness forever
What's wrong dad
You ask what's wrong?
The Lus have already arrived at the hotel
What about you, the Lu family?
Dad?
I don't want to mess around.
Even if you don't want to marry
You must also be there today
Anyway, Lu Zesheng loves meeting you so much
He will never go
Then what am I afraid of?
Mom, I don't need a marriage
This has nothing to do with Yu Qianying
I don't like him!
Sorry, the little girl is ignorant.
Let you wait for wine
It's you
I'm going to marry the daughter of someone like you
Mr. Lu, please pay attention to your words when you speak
Talk to you
I don't think it's necessary to be very particular about words
Sorry for being late.
Why are you here?
What is Lin Xinnuo up to?
Introduce
This is my daughter Lin Xinnuo